# Markdown?!

This file is both a text file, and a markdown file.

Then I found 50 bucks!

Before I got coding, I thought about this:
 had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! do you like my meadow? try some of my grass! please have a blade, please do, it's so delectable and so darn good looking! what? no. we can't stop here. this is bat country. a drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth. but no one should be asked to handle this trip. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. me? i'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. honestly. it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid. forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!" we had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a saltshaker half-full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers... well, then, i confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. forget about it" is, like, if you agree with someone, you know, like "raquel welch is one great piece of ass. forget about it!" but then, if you disagree, like "a lincoln is better than a cadillac? forget about it!" you know? but then, it's also like if something's the greatest thing in the world, like, "minghia! those peppers! forget about it!"

Markdown is a simple set of formatting instructions that let you add formatting to a text file. Markdown was developed by John Gruber and Aaron Swartz, and the specification is still on John Gruber's website: https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/

GitHub supports an extended set of markdown, and has an intoductory guide here: https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/

You can use markdown in many of the text fields on GitHub to add extra formatting to your text:
* Gists
* Comments in Issues and Pull Requests
* Files with the `.md` or `.markdown extension`

and the GitHub preview will apply the markdown formating.

So…
Collaboratively administrate empowered markets via plug-and-play networks. Dynamically procrastinate B2C users after installed base benefits. Dramatically visualize customer directed convergence without revolutionary ROI.

Efficiently unleash cross-media information without cross-media value. Quickly maximize timely deliverables for real-time schemas. Dramatically maintain clicks-and-mortar solutions without functional solutions.

Completely synergize resource taxing relationships via premier niche markets. Professionally cultivate one-to-one customer service with robust ideas. Dynamically innovate resource-leveling customer service for state of the art customer service.